so we get asked what happens after a
project is over the way I want to answer
that is first to talk about the
relationship we are interested in a
long-term relationship with our
developers with over a hundred staff
members over half our team has been with
us for more than three years our goal is
to keep developers satisfied keep
bureaucracy to a minimum and create
significant accomplishments in the
marketplace this is ultimately what
drives professional and personal
satisfaction and success so about that
project once it's over
we usually shake up the teams and start
on new projects sometimes that's
immediately sometimes there's a break if
there is a break that's an excellent
time to build new skills contribute to
our open source projects or internal
projects and recharge